Yeah, I'm gonna get too hungry.
We can talk about food. What's your favorite spot to eat on campus?
On canteen
no like a specific specific meal and it's specific for?
Okay, I don't really like their fries.
I like the denev fries. I feel like the lulav fries are too fried.
it's too much fried, mm
Okay, okay. I agree, I agree. It hits.
Have you tried the episode Braidable?
My favorite is the episode Breedable.
I'm preserve bit new though
it's so good.
mm
Okay, I really need to try the purple.
It's that expensive?. Okay, then I'm not getting it.
Like stupid.
yeah
The tutorial teaching it's alright.
I like their fried chicken.
You just said you love the chicken tenders.
mmm
mm mm
mmm m
oh
I wonder why they're closing.
But like I think a lot of people go to Ruby oh
mmmm
I see. Do we know what they're replacing it with?
ss ch, and I think they should bring like a Chipotle.
Okay. Then what do you think that on a drink?
mm mm mm
I never go to the Carl's Jr. area.